# webframeworks.healthkraft
Web Frameworks project using django (healthcare website)

About the website

Healthkraft is a healthcare website which combines traditional website design with the usability best practices. Their site offers quick and easy navigation, precise information and welcoming imagery on every page. There is a balanced use of text contents and visuals. This website is simple, yet effective. We present all the information that a patient or general visitor might need in great details. This makes our homepage very actionable and encourages the visitors to interact with the site. High-quality positive imagery is used throughout the site to send a positive message. There is also in-depth information about various diet plans, healthy recipes and food essentials, fitness, BMI calculators etc. Positive and active images are used throughout the site while presenting all the necessary information.

Features of the website

Healthkraft provides a wide range of features which are not present in a single website on the internet. This sets the website apart from the other healthcare websites.
The features provided by our website includes calculating BMI (Body mass index) which is a key index for relating weight to height. Along with the value it tells us whether a person is overweight, underweight or normal which gives an idea to the user on what needs to be done in order to achieve the normal condition. Nutrition is the intake of food, considered in relation to the body’s dietary needs. Good nutrition – an adequate, well balanced diet combined with regular physical activity – is a cornerstone of good health. Poor nutrition can lead to reduced immunity, increased susceptibility to disease, impaired physical and mental development, and reduced productivity and thus our website gives information on the best food essential nutrition like carbohydrates, proteins etc. This website also gives information on different types of diets like atkins, ketogenic etc. It gives information like what food items should be taken for the respective diet, what are the benefits etc.
A few healthy recipes are provided like recipes for salads, smoothies and soups along with the nutrition facts like the calorie intake, the amount of fat, protein and carbohydrate per serving. The information about the food essentials in the form of food pyramid (proteins, fats etc) can also be accessed.
The most important feature is the login page where user details are captured. Trending articles on healthcare are also provided. The website also gives us insights of different healthy recipes on soups, salads, smoothies that are delicious and can be made at home for a healthy and tasty meal. The website also gives some meaningful information about fitness. The website has audio videos on Fitness that have been chosen and linked from youtube to be made readily available to view so that people are able to maintain their most optimum weight with exercise and are able to avoid many health problems.
